edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/databinding/ActivityAboutBinding.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.databinding.ActivityAboutBinding
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/databinding/FragmentBottomSheetBinding.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.databinding.FragmentBottomSheetBinding
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/model/SharedViewModel.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.model.SharedViewModel
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/util/Utils.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.util.Utils
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/adapter/RecyclerViewAdapter.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapter
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.adapter.RecyclerViewAdapter$ViewHolder
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/BottomSheetFragment.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.BottomSheetFragment
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/data/DoisterRepository.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.data.DoisterRepository
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/model/TaskViewModel.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.model.TaskViewModel
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/AboutActivity.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.AboutActivity
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/MainActivity.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.MainActivity
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/BuildConfig.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.BuildConfig
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/model/Task.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.model.Task
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/model/Priority.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.model.Priority
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/util/Converters.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.util.Converters
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/databinding/BottomSheetBinding.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.databinding.BottomSheetBinding
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/util/TaskRoomDatabase.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.util.TaskRoomDatabase
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.util.TaskRoomDatabase$1
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/adapter/OnTodoClickListener.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.adapter.OnTodoClickListener
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/databinding/TodoRowBinding.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.databinding.TodoRowBinding
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/data/TaskDao.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.data.TaskDao
edu/neu/khoury/madsea/zidixia/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 edu.neu.khoury.madsea.zidixia.DataBindingTriggerClass
